[Doc 2715] feat(profile): create query profile instruction; (#107)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/savanna/modules/workgroup-workspace/pages/workspaces/connect-via-api.adoc

== Next Steps

> Next, learn more about how to xref:savanna:workgroup-workspace:workgroups/monitor-workspaces.adoc[], or xref:savanna:workgroup-workspace:workgroups/workspace-logs.adoc[Search Log].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, learn more about how to xref:savanna:workgroup-workspace:workgroups/monitor-workspaces.adoc[], or xref:savanna:workgroup-workspace:workgroups/workspace-logs.adoc[use Workspace Logs].
```
